Add support for arrays of different data types in the Trigger Form UI (#32734)
mistercrunch/Airflow: docs/apache-airflow/core-concepts/params.rst

    - ``boolean``: Generates a toggle button to be used as ``True`` or ``False``.
    - ``date``, ``datetime`` and ``time``: Generate date and/or time picker
    - ``array``: Generates a HTML multi line text field, every line edited will be made into a string array as value.
      If you add the attribute ``example`` with a list, a multi-value select option will be generated.

>       If you add the attribute ``items``, a JSON entry field will be generated for more complex array types.

Reviewer: Can you add a reference to JSON specs?
```suggestion
      If you add the attribute ``items``, a JSON entry field will be generated for more array types
      and additional type validation as described in
      `JSON Schema Array Items<https://json-schema.org/understanding-json-schema/reference/array.html#items>`_.
```
